Here what is it guys and what KMAX and how you can see that we have design our social networking site
and everything.
And now I want to show you that how can you market your brand.
Email marketing so you can see that we have designed every Web site and we just left in the email marketing
very that people can just go ahead and then they can just leave their email addresses and then they
can get future emails when the Post something we want to notify our users via e-mail.
So basically there is just software to do that.
You don't have to just open up your e-mail account and then you have to send emails directly to different
types of people that you want to send.
You don't have to do that guys.
There is software you have to just enter the subject.
You have to just enter that what you want to add and then after that you have to just enter that e-mail
address and it will be automatically sent to your subscribers for your subscribers.
So you can see that if we go to any of the Web site they just use this email marketing from Saudi even
to the enemy uses it.
OK because when they do send the e-mail the e-mail just turns a lot you just like email marketing is
so vast is so vast because everybody reads the e-mail OK and they read it.
They just like open it up in a neighbor like oh Cray's this is you can see this is by drop shipping.
E-commerce site making annual rent revenue.
So this is the email marketing from them OK.
I am basically in the e-mail marketing you can see this e-mail helps you keeps you update with the latest
news from flipper.
You were receiving this e-mail because you are a user.
I can unsubscribe by just clicking here and if I just click here you can see that it says you have been
successfully removed from the subscriber list you will no longer hear from us.
OK.
I didn't see that I have just opted out from this right here and I won't receive any future e-mail from
that.
So this is how this e-mail marketing works.
OK guys.
Now here let me show you what is this Saphir how that software works and what software you should go
with.
OK.
So there is not a software I can just call it like a web app.
Ok so we have two softwares that I personally recommend the one is the MailChimp and the other one is
ever ever is the best.
But Ebere do make one mistake is that they didn't give free e-mail accounts OK they give free trial
OK for just 30 days 30 days or less.
And you want to start your own business it takes approximately six months.
They just do the number one mistake.
Email Marketing from the MailChimp is they gave like 2000 free.
Create beautiful professional designs like free and you can just go ahead or you can just learn more
about it.
So this is the price you can see up to do thousands of Schreiber's and 12000 e-mail per month you can
send.
OK.
So this is I think this is more than enough.
You just have to started right now.
And then when your plan will increase you can just go and increase it.
So like in this you can just grow more.
So here you would be having more Strieber is like four if you have more than that subscribers than it
would charge you more.
So like zero to do thousands of Schreiber's this is free.
OK.
And then we have two thousand five hundred thirty five per month.
Okay.
So this is outrageous.
So now here what I want to do is that I want to just go with the site and sign up for this because everybody
wants to sign up for the free version to the guys there is not a big difference between them.
OK.
They are the e-mail marketing tools that sends that e-mail.
And mostly people do use this instead of this only professional guys use this.
So it is not much recommended.
OK.
You want to go with the professional way you want to go with the more easy to use way.
This is right here.
But I'll be just going up in the MailChimp because MailChimp is supported by so many Web site even that
element or even some of them say like David Davis supports both.
Like if Ebere and the MailChimp as well so you can just decide which one you want to go with if you
want to go with my opinion then go with this MailChimp.
OK.
Has MailChimp vild suit you.
OK so seriously guys you have just go to MailChimp dot com and then you have to just go ahead and make
sure that you go ahead and sign yourself up.
So you have to just sign up for free
you know in here you have to enter the email address you have to enter your name and then you have to
enter your password.
So once you just enter everything here your account will be set up.
Since I am already a user here I am just going to go ahead and I'm going to log in.
So it's going to log myself in and you're going to enter the password and I'm going to hit logons So
it is going to log myself.
You can see I'm here in it.
And here I am and this right here is good afternoon and zeal and I have welcome back to your account
dashboard.
Check out these performances statistics the personal life gets tips from MailChimp so you can see that
we have successfully created our account at MailChimp in the next video I'm going to show you can you
just build a sign up form or just people can interact with your self video sign up form they can just
enter their email address and then they can just get access to your list.
And then when you release something you want to send anything to your Streiber.
Or you can send it by campaign by just running a campaign.
So in the next video you'll be working up to that stadium guys and goodbye and after also that we'll
also learn how to create lead pages so that if anyone wants to just buy something or if you're giving
any thing for free.
The person has to basically go ahead.
You have to just enter the e-mail address and then they get the link.
So in the next video will be in the upcoming videos.
Basically you'll be breaking up at that stadium guys and by.